# ip-uni-info
A simple spring application that provides two REST endpoints to request IP information or a list of universities in a given country.

## Manual Content
  - Application Feature
  - Running
  - Usage
  - Issues and Goals
  - Notes

## Application Features
- Two REST Endpoints at {HOST}/ipcheck/{ip} and {HOST}/unicheck/{country}.
- Logs IP information in a specified MongoDB (config in "application.properties") or pass as springboot arguments 
- The API calls two external APIs to fetch information:
    - https://ipinfo.io/80.233.249.21/geo
    - http://universities.hipolabs.com/search?country=Latvia
- Automatically generates API docs based on Junit Tests using Mockmvc and asciidoctor.
 

## Running
- Run as JAR:
  - java -jar ip-uni-info-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

- Run using maven on specific port and change audit DB target:
  - mvn spring-boot:run "-Dspring-boot.run.arguments=--server.port=8085 --spring.data.mongodb.uri=mongodb://localhost:27011/ipInfoLog" -f pom.xml

## Usage

  #### ipcheck:
  1. pass a valid IP address to the API Endpoint: ex. localhost:8080/ipcheck/80.233.249.21
  2. get a JSON response and/or a HTTP Status Code.
 
  #### unicheck:
  1. pass a country name to the API Endpoint: ex. localhost:8080/unicheck/United States
  2. get a JSON response and/or a HTTP Status Code.
    Note: Spacing in arguments are automatically URL encoded to "%20"
    
Also See: [autogenerated docs] 

## Issues and Goals
#### Goals
  - Automatically containerize as Docker Image.
  - enable more configuration by passing args to jar.
  - Overhaul Testing to use internal DB (possibly H2) instead of "production" DB
  - Review the build process.

#### Issues  
- Jar and Docker images throw exceptions relating to mongodb driver when running outside IntelliJ
  -> review build process.
  
## Notes
 - runs OWASP dependency check during the build process.

##### Author
    Jonathan Kramme
    25.10.2022

   [autogenerated docs]: <https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/JonKramme/ip-uni-info/blob/master/docs/api-docs.html>
  
